---
title: "White Christmas"
date: 2018-03-08T01:28:53-08:00
draft: true
---

Sarah - 5/7
This episode particularly excelled in using common technology-associated fears to create a twisted and suspenseful plot. The concept of “blocking” someone in real life or creating a “copy” of your brain peaked my interest and wove well into each storyline. The ending repercussion of each criminal were beyond our darkest imagination which made this episode more closely resemble a horror movie. The viewer was left with pity though unable to really relate to either character. As a statement against society, this episode was weak; however, the imagination and mastery that went into this piece cannot go unnoticed.

Dan - 5.7/7
The presentation of “cookie” technology brings into question the society tends to exploit and dehumanize others as a means to an end. The “Greta cookie” we are introduced to while Matt trains her portrays a programmed artificially intelligence that expresses incredibly realistic human emotion and a consciousness that appears to be in all regards a regular human being other than the fact that it is just lines of code. Despite the realistic nature of such cookies, society has clearly decided to dismiss these entities and essentially enslaves them for the sole purpose of serving the original. If Greta’s example wasn’t conflicting enough, the final plot twist reveals Joe to be a cookie himself used to attain a confession after establishing the humanity within Joe. The ultimate irony lies in how law enforcement has inherently interpreted the “Joe cookie” to be the one and the same as his original which allows his confession to be valid. The line of determining the humanity of cookies seems arbitrary and contradictory. This poses a greater question of how our society today maybe equally contradictory in the treatment of others. We see this in the penultimate scene where Matt is completely shut out from society after being used by the police. Overall, the episode may seem scattered and confusing at first but brings together the story in a series of clever twists that makes for a great watch.

fin
